# CS-250

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
   It is very important to interpret user needs into a program, after all the user is the one that is going to be interacting with the program on a regular basis and hopefully one of every programmer's goals is to make the program very user friendly. Adding functionality that can improve the user experience is vital and where a lot of the suggestions for improvements to the program come from. Turning these user needs into user stories helps to break down what the user wants, how they want it to act, and what they want to achieve with the new functionality. This allows the development team to understand what the user wants and doesn't want.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  Currently, when developing programs, I follow more of a waterfall method. I start at the top, and I work on a program that I have no idea on whether or not it works until I get to the end. I add in complex functionality without ensuring that the basic functionality is functional. I hope to break these development habits by incorporating agile processes into my future development work. I hope to take the time to plan out what I need to do before I even start typing in an IDE. I want to take user experiences and learn upon them to make the program better. And I want to have a basic, functional code that I build on top of and constantly re-test to ensure that any mistakes I make are easily caught, identifiable, and fixed before I get to the very end.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  In software development, being a good team members means you communicate efficiently with other team members, whether that be asking for help when needed instead of quietly drowning, or giving frequent updates on what you are working on as an individual. It is important to offer help to those who need it. When in need of help, are unsure of something, or not fully confident in your abilities with a certain focus, a good team member would always ask for help.
